the last thing I do have here to
comment with you
is that people are getting disappointed with
Kiko Matamoros uncle
rojas Rosario said that he is going to talk
on his YouTube channel on which channel
mariaje On which channel Or maybe
Ortega no longer had his phone number or he
asked Ángel to tell him in person because
Ortega was in Houston I don't know but let's
go anyway
[Music]
anyway I don't care I mean
what we were talking about here is
Amador's lies And yes it's true
that Amador said one thing on one occasion
and then another thing on another occasion So I don't care
that I'm not going to defend
Rocío Carrasco let's see if you understand who
thinks I'm going to defend Rocío
Carrasco Now because because we
asked him to lie about the draw Now when
Iván tesa comes who thinks that I'm
going to defend Rocío Carrasco because
Amador is lying let's see I don't even
defend one level head on with the
other I mean me from the other
I think he's a bird But well what
the  Carrasco yesterday that will
cause a court Cano the lawsuit or will she
make the procedure begin
Eva I have received some information that
of course No I cannot tell you
What the information is
nor can I give the details or where it
comes from okay But I have received some
information that
tesa that has to be sent to Iván
Perote
that now when Iván comes we
will do the draw I have received some
information
that
Rocío Carrasco
has some papers
okay and that those papers are very strong
and that those papers are very strong and that what
those papers say
what those papers say would
completely sink
[Music]
Ortega Cano's image forever
or rather but forever it
is tremendous it is tremendous what
those papers say more if it is more or less what they
tell me is tremendous it
is tremendous
then more or less what I was
talking about
yesterday with a contact
And why didn't he deliver them to the judge
if he delivers it he will deliver it okay
Ortega Cano knows Ortega doesn't know that he is not going
to sue Rocío Carrasco okay
[Music] Let me
explain Let me explain
when the move that Gloria Camila made
Well, she'll have to hand them over to the court
No, no, no more
No, now let me explain it to you, the
move that Gloria Camila made is a
very good move, okay,
Rocío Carrasco and the TV factory
stick together for months, they leave, the
ones that the second season of the
docuseries was going to include that information, okay,
the second season of the docuseries was already
recorded In fact, it was recorded,
just like the first one,
the first season in which
she is recorded with the Rosa suit
and so on, okay, the one that is recorded,
those are 70 hours of raw footage,
of those 70 hours, they take what Antonio
David and the children do
and they make the first season,
everything else,
all the rest
of that raw footage is
left for the second season
to get the most out of it
possible, okay, in fact, from the first
moment when they see the success that
the first season is having, they already
extend it, okay They already extend it, Javi, I think they've
scored a goal in all the
blocks, I'm sorry to tell you  Lorena Well I'm going to feel sorry to
tell you I'm not going to
feel you I'm going to tell you no honey that
everything is there that makes perfect sense what they're
telling me okay It
turns out that when they
leave that same recording okay in which
Rocío Carrasco in the pink suit
tells everything
tells everything about Ortega Cano about Amador and the
other one and the one on the motorcycle okay It
turns out that this is supposed to be the case now
we can each think what we want I think
yes okay that there Rocío
Carrasco does show these writings and
so on no what's going on what happens
is the following what happens is that they
spend several months they go
with several trailers
that they're going to show some papers that there are
some manuscripts that
[Music]
well I can't say the content that they
tell me those papers have but it
's very strong content it's
very very strong content
Gloria Camila
Gloria Camila no the lawyer of
Gloria Camila's lawyer okay
Gloria Camila's lawyer
Javi is bluffing no no no
no This is how it is Gloria Camila's lawyer
plays a very good move
strong or spicy strong or rather strong
strong very strong okay many
journalists know it
many journalists know this eh What I
'm telling Eh This Maybe it's
the junk phone maybe it's a
little different But well This that I
am this that I am this that they
tell me many journalists know and
several people tell me more or
less the same way okay so there is
part here of truth okay the move
of Gloria Camila and of Gloria Camila not
of Gloria Camila's lawyer is
very good
the move of Gloria Camila's lawyer is
very good a request is filed
for precautionary measures okay
preliminary measures that are called okay those are
preliminary phases in which they tell
the judge
that they
are threatening or they are warning
that there will be a second season in
which preliminary proceedings will be shown
in which
documentation and manuscripts will be shown that
could violate the mother's privacy
of course
the judge admits this
because Because they sell it as if they could
violate the mother's privacy Okay
when in reality in
reality we all know
that what they are protecting  It's not the
mother's privacy in that lawsuit that they're
protecting, it's Ortega Cano
that they're protecting in that lawsuit,
not the mother's privacy that they're
protecting, it's Ortega
Cano Because we all know
that in those manuscripts Rocio Carrasco was
not going to expose anything that would leave
Rocio Jurado in a bad light
and she's going to expose things that would leave
Antonio David in a bad light, Amador and Ortega won, that's it, that
is, Rocio Carrasco
Rocio Carrasco In this second season she
hasn't said much against
Gloria, I mean Camila, or
Jose Fernando, or anything I mean, she's
going for Amador, and for Ortega, not here,
and for Antonio David
But Javi, you don't make any sense
Because if it belongs to
Ortega Cano's privacy, how would it violate
Rocio's privacy? Degree Look,
if Gloria Camila
files the same lawsuit saying that she
wants to protect her father's privacy,
the judge won't allow it because she would have
told her, your father is alive, should
he sue?
And if Ortega had sued  Cano
would have told him,
well, Rocio, give me all the papers that have to do with
Ortega Cano and
there
what the papers say would have come out
or some delicate papers would have fit, do you
understand
the move was perfect the move was
perfect Why Because in this way they
blocked the publication of those
manuscripts okay, in other words, there Rocio
Carrasco and the TV factory lied
okay, in other words, to go to the TV factory and
Rose Carrasco they said no, that they didn't
have any papers that at first they did But
no, but I don't know what, but I don't know how much what is
happening is that they
covered their backs legally
but with one condition they
couldn't publish
any papers
Rocio Carrasco can have all the
manuscripts she wants That's why she
later made the whole deal that she
found the containers that I don't know
what Rocio Carrasco can have whatever
papers she wants to have what she ca
n't have what she ca
n't, that is, Sorry, have, she can
have whatever she wants what she can't
do is show them
because Then she would be committing
a crime against the judge
against the judge but having it, she can
have it
What is the only possibility
What would be the only possibility
for those papers to
see the light of day,
well, very simple,
very simple, the only possibility for
those papers to see the light of day would be that
[Music]
Ortega Cano
sues Rocío Carrasco
because Rocío Carrasco accuses him of I don't know
what and Rocío Carrasco in defense
and Rocío Carrasco in defense
hand over those papers to the court because
Rocío Carrasco can have those
papers,
what you can't do is publish it in a
magazine or publish it in the docuseries,
but you can have it.
What you can do is hand it over to
the court.
In the court, if you can hand it over, you're
still committing the same crime that you
're talking about, Ana. What a joke you're talking about,
Ana.
If they sue me and I have
some writings, can I hand them over to the
court? I can't hand them over to the
TV factory, but to the court. Yes,
in court, it's not a crime to
hand them over. What nonsense are you talking about,
for God's sake, you often reach the point of
absurdity, really,
and the court would reject it. What  are you
talking Fabiola for God's sake you
're there talking for God
if they sue me and I have those
papers
you can hand those papers over to the
court as evidence for God's sake it can't be
made public it can't
be public but if they win the lawsuit
If they win the lawsuit
perfectly well in the lawsuit they can say
that Rocío Carrasco dismissed the
lawsuit that Ortega Cano filed against her
because Rocío Carrasco has shown some
papers that prove that what she
's saying could be based on
true facts it
's very simple whoever doesn't want to
understand I can't explain it to them
any more slowly than I just
explained it to them they ca
n't hand it over to the court they already
asked for it their day and she didn't have anything, no
papers don't confuse us Luisa I'm going to
explain it very slowly again okay They
asked her for
the papers that she had handed over
for the documentary
not what she has or doesn't have she can
have whatever she wants
whatever she has handed over for the documentary
Rocío Carrasco told the court that she did
n't have any papers that she
gave to the documentary
Javi no matter how much I explain it they don't
understand  because they don't want to understand it
Well, I've already said it okay, she ca
n't give it up now Albert says it too
Of course Albert says it because
Albert is a person with two heads
but if he told the judge that he had
nothing Carmen, it doesn't matter darling Carmen, it does
n't matter darling yes it's a lie, he has nothing
darling
the court asked for all the papers
that he had handwritten by his mother, it didn't
ask for everything he had Look, it's more
wait Okay, look,
Gloria Camila's lawyer is going to tell
you okay look Gloria Camila's lawyer is going to tell you
okay so I don't have to
say it look
[Music]
Look so I don't have to say it
okay look
the TV factory with which the
next step Is that I raise the
following as a principle or
The audience has been deceived because during the
bait of the hearing they say that there were
documents and that there were
compromising documents and that in addition we are going to
leave for the series This is the phrase that we
just heard if I tell you since we are
going to put it aside it
is preferable to deceive the audience you
deceive the court if the
court is deceived it is a criminal complaint for fraud
So how
Gloria Camila's lawyer is saying well
to the TV factory, so the
next step is that I ask myself
the following: either
the audience has been deceived because during it you
heard her
or with colors
over here I think there was another clip
there there was another click of the lawyer let's
see if it's on YouTube
There was another click of the lawyer
There was another click of the lawyer who also
said she can have whatever she wants what she ca
n't is publish it let's
see if I put lawyer
Gloria Camila
Look let's see if we find the clip of the
lawyer now to make it very
clear look
six months not like a year ago no about that no no
then they say that no
documentation has been delivered to the
TV factory or to Mediaset, so the
next step is that I ask myself
the following: then its
viewers its listeners draw
conclusions and we are going to leave it for the
series to deceive the final audience by
procedural fraud if it has been deceived and if
the audience is deceived, let the audience
itself also evaluate it How is it done,
a procedure is going to
excite from the public some documentation
of those that we requested that was the
disclosure,
no documentation of those that  we
requested that it was the disclosure that it was
the disclosure okay they requested
the disclosure In short, what we
think as lawyers for the party in
this case of Mrs. Gloria Camila
Ortega is that they can have the documentation
that she wants this lady can have the
documentation that she wants
a document 1500 or whatever a
document
1500 and whatever
but she cannot make it public but she
cannot make it public, is that
clear to you but I'm going to lay out
the procedure the lawyer will tell you
again Wait okay
the lawyer will tell you then they say that
none of the documentation that we
requested that was the disclosure In
short, the lawyer okay we think as
lawyers for the party in this case of
Mrs. Gloria Camila
Ortega that they can have the documentation
that she wants from this lady a document
1500 or whatever but I cannot but she
cannot make it public, it
has been made clear well whoever does not
understand cannot do anything else Okay,
she cannot make it public now, well
now
if Ortega Cano
if Ortega Cano sues her she can
defend herself
if she can deliver those papers
in the  court Yes she can't make it
public she can't take them to the TV factory
but if she sues the court she
can hand it over it would be missing more
Yes but she has nothing then she is already
star if you see that she has nothing I
can't do anything more for you really
I can't do anything more for
you if you are in
Rocio Carrasco's house and you know what she has and
what she doesn't I can't do anything anymore the
shame that I think they are not going to
sue her Ortega is not going to sue her
Ortega is not going to sue her but
Ortega is not going to sue her because Ortega
knows the papers she has you
understand Ortega knows the papers she
has
if Ortega sues Rocio Carrasco and
says Hey look I'm going to sue Rocio
Carrasco for what she told me because
otherwise this this and this
Rocio Carrasco takes it and says is that I
base myself on these papers
pum pum pum pum
the papers can't be leaked but they
can come out Then the sentence the
sentence is public
the  sentences are public and there will be a
sentence that tells you Hey look at the
proven facts
Rocío Carrasco in the response to the
lawsuit submitted some
handwritten documents by Rocío Jurado in which it was
demonstrated that the content and what
Rocío Carrasco is saying here here
here are true facts. Do you
want to know what they put in the
papers? Well, I don't know if we will know at
some point. I hear the rumor that they
put very strong things.
I hear the rumor that they put
very strong things and I also hear the
rumor that even if the
papers were leaked, you would defend Ortega Cano,
some of you who are here, not all.